# Directory for Schemas
## Assignment Instructions

### Conceptual Model

Draw a single Conceptual Model for your dataset(s). If you're working with
multiple datasets, you must create a single unified Conceptual Model for the
data. For example, if one dataset contains flight delays and another dataset
contains weather events, you must design a model that joins these two datasets.
The model should have a minimum of 4 entity classes and 3 relationships. Use
LucidChart to create your conceptual model. Download the file as a pdf and name
it conceptual_model.pdf.

### Data Dictionary

Provide a brief description for each Entity Class and its attributes. These
descriptions should be in an excel spreadsheet with the following column
headings: Source (column A), Name (column B), Type (column C), and Description
(column D). The Source column should identify the data source in question. The
Name column should contain the name of the Entity Class or attribute. The Type
column should contain either "Entity Class" or "Attribute", depending on what
is being described and the Description column should contain a brief
description of the Entity Class or attribute. The attributes should be 1
organized by Entity Class, such that if attribute A belongs to Entity Class C,
the description for A should follow the description for C. Save the file as
data_dictionary.xlsx.  

### Logical Model

Derive a Logical Model from your Conceptual Model. Translate each Entity Class
into one or more relations or tables. Translate each many-to-many relationship
into a junction table. The resulting model should be in at least 1NF. The
Logical Model should specify the datatype for each attribute as well as the
primary key for each relation. The model should also specify all the required
foreign keys. Use LucidChart to create this model. Download the file as a pdf
and name it logical_model.pdf.
